It is time, that our society is dominated by industrialization.
The prosperity of a country is based on its enormous industrial corporations that are gradually replacing men with machines.
Science is highly developed and controls the economy.
From the beginning of school life students are expected to master a huge amount of scientific data.
Technology is part of our everyday life.
Children nowadays prefer to play with computers rather than with our parents' wooden toys.
But I think that in our modern world which worships science and technology there is still a place for dreams and imagination.
There has always been a place for them in man's life.
Even in the darkness of the Middle Ages when religion confined the human mind in the cage of its dogmas, men dreamt of a better life.
They dreamt of exploring the unknown depths of earth and sea, of flying into the sky and reaching the stars.
Step by step society has freed itself from the restrictions of religion and science has become the dominant power.
Nowadays some people see in its dominance a threat to man's inclination to dreaming.
But man could dream in the darkest past, so why could he not dream now?
Man has always dreamt of going beyond the world he knew.
Science has made the unknown world too small but man keeps on dreaming.
He turns to books to find his new inspiration.
People nowadays read not less than they did in the past.
Besides they still create literature which means they are still capable of creating new imaginary worlds.
People still use their imagination to paint pictures and to compose music.
Art is still alive.
And society feels necessity for this art because people enjoy escaping to other worlds, even if they are not real.
Moreover, I cannot imagine that people have lost their ability of creative thinking.
People have always had the gift of imagination.
I cannot agree with the statement that because of the dominance of science and technology, there is no place for this gift.
How would all the technological achievements and scientific breakthroughs been made, if man had not used his imagination?
It is because of his imagination and his constant dreaming that man has achieved so much in science.
The fact that science never stops developing is a proof that man never stops using his imagination.
I am sure that man keeps on dreaming.
There is not much space left to be explored but in every field of human life there will always be some kind of a frontier and people will always dream of going beyond it.
Maybe industry has taken the place of nature and maybe romanticism is dead but psychologists go on asking the question: "Whom or what would you like to take with you on a lonely island?
" And people go on dreaming that they will spend their lives like Robinson Crusoe with their favourite show-business star, or favourite pet or book but not with their personal computer.
